Change tape formatter (#7759)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/swift-coins-ring.md

---

> "stylelint": patch
> ---
> 
> Changed: version of the specification supported by the tape formatter

Author: ```suggestion
"stylelint": minor
---

Changed: `tap` formatter to support TAP14
```

> Changed: updated the tape formatter to version 14 of the specification

Author: ```suggestion
Changed: version of the specification supported by the tape formatter
```
